CON-5949 Add documentation for AccountId filter on orderItems/getAll … (#745)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/orderitems.md

| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `EnterpriseIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of the Enterprises. If not specified, the operation returns data for all enterprises within scope of the Access Token. |
| `OrderItemIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of the [Order items](orderitems.md#order-item). Required if no other filter is provided. |

> | `AccountIds` | array of string | optional, max 100 items | Unique identifiers of specific `Accounts` to which order items are belongs to. Required if no other filter is provided. |

Reviewer: issue: "to which ... are belongs to" 🤔 
```suggestion
| `AccountIds` | array of string | optional, max 100 items | Unique identifiers of specific `Accounts` to which the order items belong to. Required if no other filter is provided. |
```
